4.9 RN: Installation Ignition config file removed (#36245)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-9-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-9-rhcos"]
=== {op-system-first}

[id="ocp-4-9-install-ign-removed"]
==== Installation Ignition config is removed upon boot

> Nodes installed with the `coreos-installer` command previously retained the installation Ignition config in the `/boot/ignition/config.ign` file. Starting with the {product-title} 4.9 installation image, that file is removed when the node is provisioned. This change does not affect clusters that were installed on previous {product-title} versions, which were thus using an older bootimage.

Reviewer: `the coreos-installer command` might be a bit misleading, since the `coreos.inst` kernel arguments are also affected.

`which were thus` - they still are using an older bootimage, including for newly-installed nodes.

Author: Thanks for clarifying, @bgilbert. PTAL where I've updated the following:

- Changed `command` to `program` in the first sentence.

- In the last sentence, reworded to what I now hope is an accurate reflection of the workflow. Let me know if not.

> Nodes installed with the `coreos-installer` program previously retained the installation Ignition config in the `/boot/ignition/config.ign` file. Starting with the {product-title} 4.9 installation image, that file is removed when the node is provisioned. This change does not affect clusters that were installed on previous {product-title} versions because they are still using an older bootimage.

Reviewer 2: Maybe

```suggestion
Nodes installed with the `coreos-installer` program previously retained the installation Ignition config in the `/boot/ignition/config.ign` file. Starting with the {product-title} 4.9 installation image, that file is removed when the node is provisioned. This change does not affect clusters that were installed on previous {product-title} versions because they still use an older boot image.
```

Author: Went with your suggestion, thanks!

> Nodes installed with the `coreos-installer` program previously retained the installation Ignition config in the `/boot/ignition/config.ign` file. Starting with the {product-title} 4.9 installation image, that file is removed when the node is provisioned. This change does not affect new clusters that were installed on previous {product-title} versions because they are still using an older bootimage.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what `new` is accomplishing here.  From the perspective of these release notes, clusters installed on previous versions are existing clusters, not new ones, right?

Author: Yes, and I'm not sure why I put `new` there either, tbh. 😬  I've now removed it.
